README.md, before:

# Swift for TensorFlow Models

This repository contains TensorFlow models written in Swift.

The `stable` branch works with the latest [Swift for TensorFlow prebuilt packages](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift/blob/master/Installation.md#pre-built-packages).

Actual development occurs on the `master` branch.
As new packages are released, `master` is pushed to `stable`.

For general information about Swift for TensorFlow development, please visit
[tensorflow/swift](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift).

## Bugs

Please report model-related bugs and feature requests using GitHub issues in
this repository.

## Community

Discussion about Swift for TensorFlow happens on the
[swift@tensorflow.org](https://groups.google.com/a/tensorflow.org/d/forum/swift)
mailing list.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions: please read the [Contributor Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)
to get started. It's always a good idea to discuss your plans on the mailing
list before making any major submissions.

## Code of Conduct

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of
experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance,
race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

The Swift for TensorFlow community is guided by our [Code of
Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), which we encourage everybody to read before
participating.

Commit message:

Readme tip for build path (#66)

README.md, after:

# Swift for TensorFlow Models

This repository contains TensorFlow models written in Swift.

The `stable` branch works with the latest [Swift for TensorFlow prebuilt packages](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift/blob/master/Installation.md#pre-built-packages).

Actual development occurs on the `master` branch.
As new packages are released, `master` is pushed to `stable`.

For general information about Swift for TensorFlow development, please visit
[tensorflow/swift](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift).


## macOS Troubleshooting
If you see `TensorFlow not found` when building samples from command line or 
```shell
<unknown>:0: error: cannot load underlying module for 'Darwin'
<unknown>:0: note: did you forget to set an SDK using -sdk or SDKROOT?
<unknown>:0: note: use "xcrun swiftc" to select the default macOS SDK installed with Xcode
  ```
make sure you've added the correct version of `swift` to your path.
eg. 
```shell
which swift
/usr/bin/swift # This is the wrong path!
```
The swift binary should be referencing the most updated toolchain bin path eg. 
```shell
export PATH="/Library/Developer/Toolchains/swift-latest/usr/bin/:$PATH"
which swift
/Library/Developer/Toolchains/swift-latest/usr/bin/swift
```


## Bugs

Please report model-related bugs and feature requests using GitHub issues in
this repository.

## Community

Discussion about Swift for TensorFlow happens on the
[swift@tensorflow.org](https://groups.google.com/a/tensorflow.org/d/forum/swift)
mailing list.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions: please read the [Contributor Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)
to get started. It's always a good idea to discuss your plans on the mailing
list before making any major submissions.

## Code of Conduct

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of
experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance,
race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

The Swift for TensorFlow community is guided by our [Code of
Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), which we encourage everybody to read before
participating.
