Transformer/README.md, before:

# Transformer

This is an implementation of [OpenAI's GPT-2 Transformer language model](https://github.com/openai/gpt-2) using [Swift for TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift).

In order to run this code, first download a pre-trained checkpoint from OpenAI
using the included `download_model.sh` script. Script needs one parameter - model name.

```sh
bash download_model.sh 117M
```

Then, compile using `swiftc`:

```sh
swiftc -O -ltensorflow -o main Operators.swift Model.swift PythonCheckpointReader.swift main.swift
```

You can now sample from the model either unconditionally:

```sh
./main [temperature]
```

or conditionally:

```sh
./main [temperature] "conditioning text"
```

In either case, a "temperature" of 0 means "always output the same text, but it'll be fairly boring,"
a temperature of 1 means sampling exactly according to the model probabilities, and a temperature
higher than 1 means sampling more randomly than the model probabilities indicate. Values of 0.5-0.8 tend
to be best.

Here's one output we got:

```sh
~/swift-models/Transformer$ ./main 0.5 "Introducing Swift for TensorFlow"
Introducing Swift for TensorFlow

Swift has been around since the beginning. It was created by the Swift team to enable developers to write Swift code. It is a powerful language for developing many different types of data structures.

In this tutorial, we will show you how to use Swift to write a simple, simple TensorFlow program.
```

This code requires a Swift for TensorFlow toolchain.
To get a toolchain, you can:

1. [Download a pre-built package](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift/blob/master/Installation.md).
2. [Compile a toolchain from source](https://github.com/apple/swift/tree/tensorflow#building-swift-for-tensorflow).

It also currently requires Python 3.x.

Both the tokenizer (`encoder.py`) and the model download script (`download_model.sh`) are
from the OpenAI implementation and are licensed under MIT.

Commit message:

Reworking MiniGo and Transformer models to use a downloading checkpoint reader (#273)
* Replace MiniGo checkpoint reader with new checkpoint wrapper that downloads checkpoints automatically.

* Remove logging statements, allow downloading non-standard checkpoint files.

* Convert Transformer model to use new checkpoint reader, remove download script.

* Update Support/Checkpoints/CheckpointReader.swift

Co-Authored-By: Dan Zheng <danielzheng@google.com>

* Rename Config to TransformerLMConfig in Transformer model.

* Fixed shard naming.

Co-authored-by: Dan Zheng <danielzheng@google.com>

Transformer/README.md, after:

# Transformer

This is an implementation of [OpenAI's GPT-2 Transformer language model](https://github.com/openai/gpt-2) using [Swift for TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift).

Currently, the model must be run from the root of the swift-models project directory. You can run 
the model by sampling either unconditionally:

```sh
swift run -c release Transformer [temperature]
```

or conditionally:

```sh
swift run -c release Transformer [temperature] "conditioning text"
```

In either case, a "temperature" of 0 means "always output the same text, but it'll be fairly boring,"
a temperature of 1 means sampling exactly according to the model probabilities, and a temperature
higher than 1 means sampling more randomly than the model probabilities indicate. Values of 0.5-0.8 tend
to be best.

Here's one output we got:

```sh
~/swift-models/Transformer$ ./main 0.5 "Introducing Swift for TensorFlow"
Introducing Swift for TensorFlow

Swift has been around since the beginning. It was created by the Swift team to enable developers to write Swift code. It is a powerful language for developing many different types of data structures.

In this tutorial, we will show you how to use Swift to write a simple, simple TensorFlow program.
```

This code requires a Swift for TensorFlow toolchain.
To get a toolchain, you can:

1. [Download a pre-built package](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift/blob/master/Installation.md).
2. [Compile a toolchain from source](https://github.com/apple/swift/tree/tensorflow#building-swift-for-tensorflow).

It also currently requires Python 3.x.

The tokenizer (`encoder.py`) is from the OpenAI implementation and is under the MIT license.
