Benchmarks/README.md, before:

# Model benchmarks

Eventually, these will contain a series of benchmarks against a variety of models in the 
swift-models repository. The following benchmarks have been implemented:

- Training LeNet against the MNIST dataset
- Performing inference with LeNet using MNIST-sized random images

These benchmarks should provide a baseline to judge performance improvements and regressions in 
Swift for TensorFlow.

## Running benchmarks

To begin, you'll need the [latest version of Swift for
TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift/blob/master/Installation.md)
installed. Make sure you've added the correct version of `swift` to your path.

To run all benchmarks, type the following while in the swift-models directory:

```sh
swift run -c release Benchmarks measure-all
```

To run an an individual benchmark, use `measure`:

```sh
swift run -c release Benchmarks measure --benchmark <name> --training
swift run -c release Benchmarks measure --benchmark <name> --inference
```

To list all benchmarks and their default settings use `list-defaults`:

```sh
swift run -c release Benchmarks list-defaults
```

Commit message:

Port benchmarks to swift-benchmark (#612)
* Port benchmarks to swift-benchmark

* Remove old benchmark infra

* Make sure WordSeg benchmarks have naming parity

* Make sure LeNet benchmarks have naming parity

* Make sure ResNet benchmarks have naming parity

* Make formatting more consistent

* Refactor WordSeg benchmarks

* Reduce column definition boilerplate

* Make WordSeg report same metrics as previously

* Update swift-benchmark dependency

* Replace NewBenchmarks with Benchmarks

* Revert docker path change

* Drop debug print

* Move device initialization workaround

* Update README

* Update swiftpm dependencies

* Add custom columns examples to README

* Increase --min-time for perfzero

* Remove Package.resolved to avoid merge conflict

Benchmarks/README.md, after:

# Model benchmarks

Eventually, these will contain a series of benchmarks against a variety of models in the 
swift-models repository. The following benchmarks have been implemented:

- Training LeNet against the MNIST dataset
- Performing inference with LeNet using MNIST-sized random images

These benchmarks should provide a baseline to judge performance improvements and regressions in 
Swift for TensorFlow.

## Running benchmarks

To begin, you'll need the [latest version of Swift for
TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/swift/blob/master/Installation.md)
installed. Make sure you've added the correct version of `swift` to your path.

To run all benchmarks, type the following while in the swift-models directory:

```sh
swift run -c release Benchmarks
```

To run an an individual benchmark, use `--filter`:

```sh
swift run -c release Benchmarks --filter <name>
```

To show more compact output, you can explicitly specify a subset of columns to show:

```sh
swift run -c release Benchmarks --columns name,median,std
```

To list all benchmarks run benchmarks with 0 iterations: 

```sh
swift run -c release Benchmarks --iterations 0 --warmup-iterations 0 --columns name 
```
